Cold winter day
lt. S very cold today.
Peppa and George
are wearing their hats,
scarves, coats, mittens and boots.
Look, George,
the trees haven't got leaves.
In the wintertime,
the trees lose their leaves.
Peppa and George had found
a muddy puddle.
Peppa and George love jumping
up and down in muddy puddles.
Me first.
It's so cold,
the puddle has turned to ice,
it is very slippery.
It's not funny.
Here are Mummy Pig and Daddy Pig.
Good, a muddy puddle.
Daddy Pig loves jumping
in muddy puddles.
Stop, Daddy.
That was close.
Lucky I've got such
a good sense of balance.
Daddy, the puddles are icy today,
we can. T jump in them.
Never mind.
Let's feed some bread to the ducks.
Hooray!
Peppa and George love feeding the ducks.
Hello, ducks.
We've got some bread foryou.
The ducks like bread.
It's so cold,
the pond has frozen to ice.
The ice is very slippery.
Sorry for laughing,
Mrs. Duck.
But it did look quite funny.
It is starting to snow.
Snow!
Peppa and George love snow.
George, let's catch snowflakes.
Peppa and George are
catching snowflakes.
Oh...
George has caught a snowflake.
Peppa has caught a snowflake.
Here is Suzy sheep
on her toboggan.
Hello, Peppa.
Wow. Suzy, that looks fun.
We are all tobogganing
on the big hill.
There is lots of snow there.
Shall we climb up the big hill
and watch the tobogganing?
Yes, please.
Peppa's friends are tobogganing
on the big hill.
Oh, dear,
George has slipped on the hill.
You look funny, George.
George does not
think it is funny.
It's quite easy
to slip on the hill.
Maybe I should carry George.
Daddy, can you carry me too?
All right, Peppa.
Just be careful.
You don't slip over,
Daddy Pig.
Don't worry, Mummy Pig,
remember I've got
a excellent sense of balance.
Let's have a race.
Yes! Ready, steady, go!?
Weeeee...
Here we are.
The top of the big hill.
Do be careful,
you don't slip, daddy pig.
I am not going to slip, Wow...
Daddy is like a big toboggan.
Yo-ho...
We are going to win the race.
Hooray!
Peppa and George are the winners.
Well done, Peppa.
My daddy makes
a very good toboggan.
It 's not funny.
It is a big funny, Daddy Pig.